♪ Look at that sun
Look at that sky ♪
♪ Look at my sweater vest I look so fly ♪
♪ Look at that mailbox
Look at that tree ♪
♪ It's about as
Beautiful as it can be ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Today is gonna be exceptional ♪
♪ Never boring even for a minute ♪
♪ It's my world and
We're all livin' in it ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Never boring even for a minute ♪
♪ It's my world and
We're all livin' in it ♪
[music playing on TV]
♪ It's time for
Danger Time for action ♪
♪ Time for Dr. Zone! ♪
♪ Chronological time is
Just An abstraction when ♪
♪ You're with Dr. Zone. ♪
♪ He's got one
Foot in the future, ♪
♪ And one foot in the past, ♪
♪ He's got one hand
In the present, ♪
♪ Or at least in a
Gift-shaped cast. ♪
♪ He's Dr. Zone. ♪
♪ It's time for Dr. Zone ♪
[Dr. Zone] All my worrying
just wasted time!
Let's get it back!
Quick, to the Time Bee-hicle.
I've got to hit that button!
If only I had fingers on my right hand!
[grunting]
[continues grunting]
The present is preventing me
from getting to the future!
[trashcandroids reciting]
One, one o', one, one...
They're closing in.
Time Ape, do something!
[female voice] The time is now 1:54 p.m.
No, you silly simian!
Time is relative!
The Trashcandroid!
No!
[grunts]
Time Ape, press the button!
Righty crikey and tally-ho!
Time waits for no man.
Except for me!
♪ It's time for Dr. Zone! ♪
[giggling]
So, after your first
Doctor Zone Files marathon,
are you guys excited about the movie?
Excited and confused.
I'm ex-fused.
And I'm con-cited?
I know it's a lot of information
to assimilate, but it's worth it!
And Sara got us tickets
for today's show!
I'll just hold on to
these, little brother.
To prevent them getting, you know,
irradiated into particulate
matter or something.
Good idea!
My hand is asleep.
How I envy it.
The movie's not starting for
hours, right?
Yeah, but there's gonna
be a line already.
It's got 50 years of fans.
Wait, 50 years?
I thought we saw it all last night!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No.
That was just the latest incarnation,
Doctor Zone Files:
The Next Regeneration.
[Milo] First there was The Zone.
Then Dr Zone, Professor Zone,
and Adjunct Faculty Member Zone
that only lasted a semester.
And finally The Doctor
Zone Files that you know,
as of 3:00 this morning.
We just wanted to make
sure you're prepared.
Doctor Zone fans can be kind of elitist.
-More tea?
-Yes.
Oh, dear. What are those people wearing?
I'm just saying that if
you can't actually speak
the Trashcandroids binary language,
then you have no place in this line.
Oh, don't be such an elitist, Josh.
Today is gonna be my favorite day ever!
Unless something goes wrong.
Well, we made it to the theater.
What could possibly go wrong?
[train horn blaring]
Well, I have been Milo's
sister since he was born.
Oh. Right.
Which is why we're going in prepared!
Nothing is gonna ruin this day for me!
Exclamation point!
She really puts a lot
of faith in punctuation.
Clear.
No sign of any horrible
mishap on the horizon
"Name the alien monsters who eat your
brain and absorb your knowledge."
Pass. Pass.
Cere-broids. Come on, give me a tough one!
The tickets!
Oh, these are never
leaving my hand.
Now, who knows how to
fuse flesh and paper?
Pass.
I'm gonna go check in with
the local weather service
about any more freak breezes!
Time for danger!
Time for action!
-Time for... Diogee?
-[barks]
Oh, sorry, you can't come in with us,
but I did get you a ticket
for the pet theater next door.
They're playing The Dog Door Bone Files.
[barks]
[barking]
[sighs]
-This is crazy.
-I know.
How can he be a time traveler
and an alien and a cyborg?
No, no. Not that.
It's just been really
quiet around Milo today.
Eh, well. That's the thing about
Murphy's Law, it's unpredictable!
I've got the immediate
area cordoned off.
Now, if you can just
try not to do anything.
I'll go get my hazard
protection suit out of the car.
Do... Not... Lose...
Our... Place.
Sara, wait! I brought a spare!
So, is Time Ape an ape
with a clock for a head?
Or a clock with the body of an ape?
Ugh, I can't believe you newbies.
What does that make you, "Old-bies"?
Time Ape isn't a clock or an ape.
He's a trans- chronological being.
You see, while traveling through
the space time continuum,
Dr. Zone was sucked into
a rift of space time
where he met another time
traveler like himself.
But since this being was
not from our dimension,
his appearance would cause any
normal person's head to explode!
So for us to comprehend him, the Time
Ape took the form that we now know.
Wait, so you're saying that the form
that would be easier for us to comprehend
is an ape with a
clock for a head?
Would you want your head to explode?
Would you?
He's right. I'd rather look at
an ape with a clock for its head.
[sniffing]
-You hear that?
-[sniffing]
Yeah, it smells quiet.
Too quiet.
No disaster yet means an even
bigger disaster is coming!
Mmm. That's not necessarily true, but...
Time to be proactive.
Milo, why don't you wait near
that really cool dirt parking lot
and I'll call when it's time
to go into the movie, 'kay?
Or, I could get us some snacks?
[Sara gasps] Pistachios?
That's Dr. Zone's favorite nut!
You guys save our place.
Of course, that's just a theory,
but if you direct your attention
to this authoritative guide...
[Melissa reading]
Repetitive redundancy, nice.
Vintage.
Great costumes guys!
Costumes?
One bag of pistachios please.
It's pronounced, "Pistah-chio."
That's how she said it.
Don't speak to the customers.
I wasn't speaking to customers,
I was speaking to you.
You were speaking to customers.
[Cavendish] Well one of us has to speak
to the customers, but it shouldn't be you.
Uh-oh, looks like something
got jammed in that broiler.
You did that.
I was just standing here,
not talking to customers, but whoa!
Maybe that was it, Milo!
No more catastrophes today!
Um, maybe.
You guys okay?
Weird. They just disappeared.
Or did they?
[both] Bum, bum, bum.
The end, question mark.
Or, Dr. Zone's mom knew that, like,
their planet was going to explode.
Implode.
[Melissa] Right, so she wrapped
her babies in those blankets
that babies are always
escaping imploding planets in.
But the get-away rocket
only had room for one baby.
So the other baby was
caught in the implosion
and sucked into a time vortex
that turned him into a
trans-chronological being,
whose appearance would
make our heads explode.
So when he turned into the Time Ape,
it's because he was
already a Time Ape before!
Exactly!
Oh, see, that would make more sense!
And therefore,
Time Ape would be Dr. Zone's brother.
No. Now, that is ridiculous!
How is that more ridiculous
than your theory?
If Dr. Zone and the
Time Ape were brothers,
I would've figured it out by now.
[growling]
What is he doing?
I don't know. I'm really tired.
Hey, whoa, whoa.
Watch where you're pointing that
Zone Monkey Fighting Stance!
These poseurs don't
deserve to be here.
Newbies!
Now, just wait a minute.
Enough!
Newbies! Old-bies!
Lend me your ears!
Oh. No, not literally.
Look, no one gets to define the
parameters of what it means to be a fan.
We're not just fans of fantasy.
It's more than that.
It's about what fantasy
means to each of us.
Fantasy means, um...
"Fantaso" from the Greek which
means, "to show."
Exactly!
We're here today to show our love.
Because there's nothing better
than sharing something you love...
With someone you love.
[crowd murmuring in empathy]
[cheering]
Can you guys wrap it up?
Oh, sorry, Bertram.
I didn't see you there.
-Nice trashcandroid costume!
-Thanks...
Tickets please.
Hey, now, just wait a minute!
Enough!
I lost the tickets while I was
doing my inspirational speech.
[all gasping]
Uh, doesn't sound like your day.
Well, I've got mine.
You snooze, you lose. Coming through.
That's why I bought four extras...
It was all my fault.
I was so worried about Murphy's
Law messing things up...
Maybe next time, I just won't come.
I hate that idea.
I hate that idea, too.
I've already got enough
excitement in my life anyway.
After all, I saw a train
come through our backyard.
But what about the movie?
Eh. Seeing a movie on
opening day is overrated.
Also, clearly, very dangerous.
Just in case.
Nope.
Much better.
Well, Time Ape, once again
we've had the time of our lives.
After all, time is relative!
They are brothers!
She was right!
Newbie!
[chanting newbie]
What happened to the wall?